{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Ali:\
Age 40\
Art director at Continuum\
\
Ali is looking to fill a creative position and received my name as a reference from a friend so she did not get my resume, portfolio or any personal information, just my name and website url. When she visits my website, she wants to get a quick idea as to who I am and what my work is like to find out if she wants to further contact me. First she wants to see how I describe myself and my working style and then she wants to see my portfolio and how I think both conceptually and visually. She then notices that my resume is posted on the website so wants to review that. She decides that she would like to further speak to me and wants to email me to proceed further.\
\
Will:\
Age 27\
Potential Client\
\
Will is opening a consignment shop in Boston and is looking for identity work and a website. While searching for "new england graphic designer" on google, he found my website. He was at work while doing this so he visited the website through a smartphone. He looks at my portfolio work and wants to further contact me. He wants to know where I work from in order to know how the working relationship will function and then he wants to know what my phone number is so that he can call me in order to arrange a meeting.}